"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." -Nelson Mandela
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." -Walt Disney
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma – which is living with the results of other people's thinking." -Steve Jobs
"If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough." -Oprah Winfrey
"If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success." -James Cameron
"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." -John Lennon
"Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier." -Mother Teresa
"When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else." -Margaret Mead
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn." -Benjamin Franklin
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart." -Helen Keller
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." -Aristotle
"Whoever is happy will make others happy too." -Anne Frank
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated." -Maya Angelou
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." -Nelson Mandela
"In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." -Abraham Lincoln
"Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game." -Babe Ruth
"Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all." -Helen Keller
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." -Thomas A. Edison
"You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose." -Dr. Seuss
"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." -Winston S. Churchill
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." -Henry David Thoreau
"If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time." -Steve Jobs
"The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well." -John D. Rockefeller Jr.
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." -Thomas Jefferson
"The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won't. It's whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere." -Barack Obama
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." -Wayne Gretzky
"Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right." -Henry Ford
"I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear." -Rosa Parks
"I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples." -Mother Teresa
"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, ‘I'm possible!'" -Audrey Hepburn
"The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." -Ayn Rand
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Believe you can and you’re halfway there." -Theodore Roosevelt
"People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing.  That’s why we recommend it daily." –Zig Ziglar
"I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." –Maya Angelou
"Either you run the day, or the day runs you." –Jim Rohn
"Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans." –John Lennon
"Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it." –Charles Swindoll
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now." –Chinese Proverb
"Little League baseball is a very good thing because it keeps the parents off the streets." -Yogi Berra
“Success is going from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.” -Winston Churchill
“The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.” -Lao Tzu
“What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.” -Ralph Waldo Emerson
“You must be the change you wish to see in the world.” -Gandhi
“Keep your face to the sunshine and you can never see the shadow.” -Helen Keller
“Don’t count the days, make the days count.” -Muhammad Ali
"Genius is 99% perspiration and 1% inspiration." -Thomas Edison
"Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude." –Zig Ziglar
"When you can’t change the direction of the wind, just adjust your sails." –H. Jackson Brown Jr
"Poor people have big TVs. Rich people have a big library." –Jim Rohn
"Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago." —Warren Buffett
"Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone." –Pablo Picasso
"You’ll never change your life until you change something you do daily. The secret of your success is found in your daily routine." –John C. Maxwell
"The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why." – Mark Twain
"If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader." –John Quincy Adams
"It does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you do not stop." –Confucius
"When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one which has opened for us." –Alexander Graham Bell
"Small daily improvements are the key to staggering long term results" –Unknown
"Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." –Jim Rohn
"Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today."  -Will Rogers
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." –Eleanor Roosevelt
"When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." –Henry Ford
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence." -Helen Keller
"Every problem is a gift –- without problems we would not grow." -Tony Robbins
"You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." - Zig Ziglar
"Everything is either an opportunity to grow or an obstacle to keep you from growing. You get to choose." -Wayne Dyer
"Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny." -C.S. Lewis
"Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do." -Pele
"Hard times don’t create heroes. It is during the hard times when the ‘hero’ within us is revealed." -Bob Riley
"It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you’ll do things differently." -Warren Buffet
"You will never find time for anything. If you want time you must make it." -Charles Buxton
"The man who says he can, and the man who says he can’t are both correct." –Confucius
"You don’t learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over." -Richard Branson
"A real decision is measured by the fact that you’ve taken a new action. If there’s no action, you haven’t truly decided." -Tony Robbins
"The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones." -Confucius