What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
I invented a new word: Plagiarism!
Did you hear about the mathematician who's afraid of negative numbers? He'll stop at nothing to avoid them.
Why do we tell actors to "break a leg?" Because every play has a cast.
Helvetica and Times New Roman walk into a bar "Get out of here!" shouts the bartender. "We don't serve your type."
Where are average things manufactured? The satisfactory.
How many times can you subtract 10 from 100? Once. The next time you would be subtracting 10 from 90.
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There's no menu: You get what you deserve.
A woman in labour suddenly shouted, "Shouldn't! Wouldn't! Couldn't! Didn't! Can't!" "Don't worry," said the doctor. "Those are just contractions."
A bear walks into a bar and says, "Give me a whiskey... and a cola." "Why the big pause?" asks the bartender. The bear shrugged. "I'm not sure. I was born with them."
Did you hear about the actor who fell through the floorboards? He was just going through a stage.
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
What sits at the bottom of the sea and twitches? A nervous wreck.
How does Moses make tea? He brews.
A man tells his doctor, “Doc, help me. I’m addicted to Twitter! "The doctor replies, “Sorry, I don’t follow you...”
Why don’t Calculus majors throw house parties? Because you should never drink and derive.
What did the bald man exclaim when he received a comb for a present? Thanks— I’ll never part with it!
What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between you and me, something smells.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt!
What did the shark say when he ate the clownfish? This tastes a little funny.
What's orange and sounds like a carrot? A parrot.
What did the pirate say when he turned 80? Aye matey.
Why did the frog take the bus to work today? His car got toad away.
What did the buffalo say when his son left for college? Bison.
What is an astronaut's favourite part on a computer? The space bar.
Why did the yogurt go to the art exhibition? Because it was cultured.
What do you call an apology written in dots and dashes? Re-Morse code.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth? He drank the coffee before it was cool.
Once my dog ate all the Scrabble tiles. He kept leaving little messages around the house.
Did you hear about the two people who stole a calendar? They each got six months.
How do poets say hello? Hey, haven’t we metaphor?
Where does Batman go to the bathroom? The batroom.
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? Because he lost his filling.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
Why is it annoying to eat next to basketball players? They dribble all the time.
What breed of dog can jump higher than buildings? Any dog, because buildings can’t jump.
Why did the M&M go to school? It wanted to be a Smartie.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honeycombs.
I poured root beer in a square glass. Now I just have beer.
Rest in peace to boiling water. You will be mist.
How do you throw a space party? You planet.
Why did it get so hot in the baseball stadium after the game? All of the fans left.
What do you call a train carrying bubblegum? A chew-chew train.
Why did the math textbook visit the guidance counsellor? It needed help figuring out its problems.
Yesterday I saw a guy spill all his Scrabble letters on the road. I asked him, "What's the word on the street?"
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? He was feeling a little crummy.
Why did the teddy bear say no to dessert? Because she was stuffed.
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless
You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?
Can February March? No, but April May!
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!
I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it.
What do you call a duck in a clear beachball? A fowl ball.